[Music]
edit the video
afterwards all right so uh the the
general title of this event is political
abuse of
Psychiatry the title of my talk is uh on
human organ transplant
CS so superficially uh the two topics
appear different one relates to mental
abuse the other relates to physical
abuse the question I had to address in
developing this
presentation is what if any is the
connection between the two
topics that question led me to eight
subordinate
questions two questions address the
connection between victimization and
abuse does political abuse of Psychiatry
lead to organ transplant abuse does
organ transplant abuse lead to political
abuse or
Psychiatry to other questions address
the effect of opposition to EAS or abuse
does opposition to organ transplant
abuse lead to political abuse of
Psychiatry does opposition to a
political abuse of Psychiatry lead to
organ transplant
abuse to further questions uh address
the relationship between the
professions to what extent should
psychiatrists work to end organ
transplant
abuse to what extent should transplant
professionals work to end political
abuses
and the last two questions address the
lessons to be learned from combating
each
abuse what can those combating organ
transplant abuse learn from the effort
to combat political abuse or
Psychiatry what can those combating
political abuse of Psychiatry learned
from the effort to compat organ
transplant
abuse so uh I'm going to address each of
these eight questions in
turn in addressing these eight questions
I will use China as a case study since
China presents both organ transplant
abuse and political abuse of
Psychiatry so the first question was
this does political abuse of Psychiatry
lead to organ transplant
abuse to answer this question requires
consideration of the procedures by which
organ transplant abuse in China with
prisoner of conscience victims
occur I I wonder if you'll just excuse
me for a second I'm going to close a
window there's planes flying overhead
that cause the noise just give me give
me a
second there we
go uh the government of China through
its uh prison attention centers and
hospitals has engaged in the mass
killing of prisoners of conscience for
their organs primarily practitioners
have fellen gong since the early 2000s
and
also in large numbers since
2017 uh
wigers Tibetans and house Christians
primarily Eastern lighting lightning or
the almighty House of God have been
victims uh in lesser number uh for felon
experien is this felong is a Chinese
equivalent to yoga a modern blending of
traditional Chinese spiritual beliefs
and exercises began in 1992 with the
teachings of Lee Hong
G originally encouraged by the Chinese
government is beneficial to health Fang
gong Grew From A standing start in 1992
to an estimated 70 to 100 million
practitioners by
1999 70 million was the government
estimate 100 million was the
practitioner estimate Fallen gong
practitioners engaged in exercises
publicly in groups public exercises were
visible everywhere in China there were
3,000 fallong gong exercise stations in
Beijing
alone the Chinese Communist Party seeing
fallong gong everywhere and fearing for
its own popularity and ideological
Supremacy decided to suppress the
practice as a party decision without a
legislative or regulatory
ban the repression led to a great deal
of
incomprehension practitioners could not
see the harm to the government of the
party in a set of healthful exercises
the repression led to massive
demonstrations with pan banners and
posters saying Fang gong is good as if
the Communist Party had mistakenly been
led into thinking that Fang gong was bad
or
harmful practitioners failed to realize
that the very fact that Fen gong was
good or at least seem so to the
practitioners was what led to its
downfall the party does not fear losing
support to the bad Only the Good
represents a a real challenge to party
Supremacy be that as it may the party
arrested the demonstrators in the
millions they were kept in detention in
makeshift detention camps all over China
they were tortured into signing
documents renouncing Fon gong denouncing
their fellow practitioners and embracing
the party and if they did so they were
released hundreds of thousands High
hundreds of thousands refused to sign
these documents even under torture so
they remained in arbitrary indefinite
detention engaged in forc labor the
detained practitioners were
systematically periodically blood tested
and organ examined the Blood and Tissue
type information elicited from these
tests was circulated to local transplant
hospitals and Transplant wings of
General hospitals and and Fong was
everywhere and so the detentions were
everywhere and in in these hospitals
doing transplants were of course
everywhere also in China Chinese
hospitals advertised aggressively
worldwide for transplantations offering
organs on demand booked in advance of
eval organs patients could pay the
hospitals and doctors a predetermined
price paid typically in cash in red
envelopes when a patient showed up the
hospitals would determine the Blood and
Tissue type of the patient match the
typing with the information supplied
from the local detention center of
prison and dispatch a white van to fetch
the
organ the detained felong practitioner
with a matching organ would be brought
to a holding cell in the place of
detention and injected with muscle
relaxing and
anti-coagulant once a mobilized through
uh injection the practitioner would then
be brought to the white van and the
organ on order would be
extracted the practitioner would die
through the organ extraction the body
would be cremated at a crem crematorium
at the prisoner Detention Center grounds
the white the white van would transport
the organ to the hospital for insertion
in the
patient coincident with organ
transplanted abuse in China with Fon
gong victims has been political abuse of
Psychiatry also with felong gong victims
felong gong practitioners were
arbitrarily detained in psychiatric
facilities as well as Communist Party
detention facilities and
prisons but the numbers were course a
lot smaller given the number of felon
gong who opposed the oppression compared
to the size of psychiatric facilities it
was it
was possible to detain only a small
portion of Fong gong practitioners in in
these
facilities the question became why any
of them were detained at
all mental health was not an issue uh uh
detention in psychiatric facilities
occurred only for the purpose of
repression was repression assisted by
this particular form of repression of a
relatively small number of
practitioners in absolute numbers the
figures might seem large uh in the
thousands yet the numbers were tiny
compared to the overall de population uh
which as I mentioned was the high
hundreds of
thousands uh well in the millions uh if
you count those that were eventually
released the the reason for this
particular form of detention psychiatric
appears to be that psychiatric detention
Advanced the propaganda a of the
Communist party the party after deciding
to repress the practice of Fong gong
because of a it's uh beneficial to
health
uh decided because of the widespread
popularity of Fong to flip the narrative
instead of saying that the practice was
good for health the party started
propagandizing incredible as it may seem
uh that that this that exercise was bad
for health the gist of the narrative was
that the spiritual beliefs which were
coupled with the ex exercise LED
practitioners to self harm or harm to
others and and that uh the people who
held the spiritual beliefs of pong were
accordingly
insane in an article published in 2002
in the Journal of the American Academy
of Psychiatry and the law the authors
wrote and I quote by committing
practitioners the authorities send the
message to the population at large that
there must indeed be something wrong
with Fallen gong the government also
counts on the people's drawing drawing
the conclusion that no matter what the
case is with felen gong one would have
to be insane to try to oppose the
government's will as Fen gong was trying
to
do so that's the end of the quote uh
once practitioners were detained in
Mental Hospitals because supposedly
insane they would go through the same
victimization as those detained in
Communist Party detention facilities or
state prisons they would be asked to
recount renounce and denounce Fang gong
if they did so they were released if
they would if they did not they would be
torture towards the same end yet torture
in a mental hospital takes a different
form from torture in Communist Party
detention centers in state prisons
torture in Communist Party detention
centers and States prisons is physical
taking in the form of beatings which
avoid damaging
organs torture in Mental Hospitals is
chemical physical torture is applied
only when the detainees refuse to take
the medication uh or when medication is
forcibly
applied for this uh 2002 report that I
quoted they they say further that
there's brutal torture and forced
administration of antiy psychotic drugs
against these felong detainees and
psychiatric instit tions physical
torture similar to the mistreatment of
the practitioners receive in jails and
prisons is commonplace especially when
practitioners refuse to take the
medications and continue practicing the
exercises in the hospital medications
are sometimes forcibly administered
through nasogastric tubes to to torture
and punish practitioners for not
cooperating with the authorities
denouncing Fel and
gone if the practitioners continue to
perform the exercises in the hospital
refuseed to renounce their beliefs
medical dosages are increased to as much
as five or or six times the initial dose
until the person loses the ability to
move or
communicate the
medication has a wide variety of toxic
effects detailed in the
article this form of psychiatric abuse
continues to this day an article which
uh was uh posted on on the internet
February 22nd 2023 this year sets a out
a number of current cases of psychiatric
abuse with Fong gong victims the website
notes that this abuse had victims from
29 Chinese provinces occurred only in
mental and occurred not only in Mental
Hospitals but also in prisons and
detention
centers psychiatric abuse organ
transplant of use appear for the
perpetrators to be Alternatives rather
than cumulative tactics the drugs with
which victims of psychiatric abuse are
forcibly in injected lead to organ
damage making their organs presumably
unusable for transplants as well as in
in China organs for transplants were
originally uh even before prisoners of
conscience Source from prisoners
sentenced to death for common crimes
that sourcing eventually was
complemented by organ Source from
prisoners of conscience also in prisons
and detention centers the
institutionalization of organ sourcing
sourcing through prisons and detention
centers was not carried forward to
Mental Hospitals at least as far as I
can tell without excluding the
possibility that it has happened I
haven't come across any evidence that
victims of PS psychiatric abuse later
become victims of organ transplant
abuse so the the second question I asked
is does organ transplant abuse lead to
political abuse with
Psychiatry and my answer is yes there's
evidence to this effect that one leads
to the other generally those victims of
organ transplant
abuse do not survive the abuse they are
as I I've indicated killed through organ
extraction the only possible victims of
organ transplant abuse who could be
subsequently victims of political abuse
or Psychiatry are those who survive
organ transplanted abuse there's uh one
very detailed public recorded case of
that situation the case of D gu Guang
Ying her sequential victimization of
organ transplant abuse and then uh
political Abus of skry had an
intermediate stage opposition to organ
transplanted
abuse and so uh I'm going to address her
her case in addressing the next question
the third question so the third question
is this uh does opposition to organ
transplant abuse lead to political Abus
of
patry so let me go back to D Guan Yin
she in 2011 was setting up a stall to
sell fruit on a street uh in uh
Chongqing Community 6 jingling Village
Tu Chang Town hosan District in chonging
China not a Fong
practitioner on the evening of May uh 26
2011 she was asked to pay 150,000 Yan by
the town of authorities presumably for
violating their their street uh rules
about setting up stalls on streets and
and that's a large sum uh today it
amounts to almost 20,000 Euros she
refused and was arrested on on May 31st
of 2011 She was transferred from local
detention to the shimy women's labor
force labor C in Camp in jingi changqing
China in on September 21st a few months
later at the labor camp she was beaten
in order to course her to sign an organ
donation form in the operating room she
was asked by the operating surgeon if
she consented and she protested she did
not she was nonetheless prepared for the
operation her brother with whom she
managed to communicate uh and had come
to the hospital and her uncle who who
was actually a a party official in
Chongqing with the procur uh protested
and prevented the operation from going
ahead she still retains the score under
her left eye from the start of the
operation and she was sent back to the
labor camp for a
year during that year she witnessed what
happened to Shu Jen who was a fon gong
practitioner from hesan Electric Power
Company on September um 20th 2011 a few
months uh well actually it was it was
the day before um
uh D was sent to the labor camp but in
any case
uh shuen uh on September first 21st was
beaten in
order
no
sorry on September 20th shushan was
arrested for Distributing felong
materials in heshan city and transferred
for two years of forced labor to the
same lab labor camp where D Guang y was
t d guangying reported that she and
shuen were taken every night with others
to a small room in the fourth floor of
the detention building and forced to do
5,000 spars is a a form of punishment or
torture um at around 1 o'clock in the
morning in October 20th 2011 B guangying
was taken from her third floor cell to a
small room on the fourth floor shuen was
already there
dingang ying and shuen were stripped of
all clothes and required to do the
squatting
exercises dang Jing reported I quote I
saw them drag shuen onto a bed forcibly
open their mouth using naron tool to
hold it open they then poured water and
food into her there was a police woman
named ta Shin on the left side and
female police captain uh on the right
side and she has the uh
the badge numbers of each of these
police women the the the two police
women began uh drawing blood they then
started
uh to remove corneas or
or
the it wouldn't have been the police wom
it would have been surgeons started to
remove the the corneas um while the
corneas were being removed the police
ordered me to return to the prison cell
I put on my clothes I returned to the
third floor and I heard Shu Jen
screaming incessantly at 2 7 in the
morning a particularly loud scream came
uh and then Shuan shouted loudly they
dug my eyes out while I was
alive Den guangying said that at that
time the cries rang out very loudly all
the 200 to 300 people in the Fourth
Brigade of the labor camp would have
heard it if they had not slept through
it
the then the scream suddenly stopped and
and Shan's voice was no longer heard
many people were awaken that night and
could not sleep by the second day
everybody in the Fourth Brigade
concluded that Shuan was dead everyone
was crying unable to eat and went on a
collective hunger straight as a police
double team to beat those who refused to
eat uh another person in the Detention
Center named who uh who who was there at
the same time as staying in shuen
confirm this story who said that she was
awakened by the screams of shuen the
police came the next day and prohibited
everyone from discussing your
faith after this event at a labor camp
Gathering D Guang Ying asked to see
Captain Jen uh of of the camp which Deng
was allowed to do at the meeting Deng
asked Captain Jen how much did you sell
Shu Jan's organ for after cutting them
out Captain Jen did not answer but
instead in response cried
whimpering after release from the labor
camp September 2012 Deng petitioned the
changqing municipal government about the
organ transplant abuse she had witnessed
and about other cases about which she
had collected
evidence on one of these occasions uh
when she petitioned the the local
petition office ISU honglang the
petition's officer told her that organ
harvesting and trafficking were was was
cause generated supervised by the
municipal Communist Party Committee and
the national people's Congress standing
committee the petitions officer refused
to do anything contrary to these
authorities Kang Ying then went to
Beijing to the capital to petition the
national government about organ
transplant abuse she had W witnessed and
about the other causes for which he'
collected
evidence on October 20 20 2016 the juia
F police station in fangai District
Bening arrested then she was living at
the time in The fangai District in
Beijing she was handed over to the chong
ching Le on office in Beijing the chong
ching on office in Beijing deported
danging back to chonging where where she
originally lived in Chongqing she was
detained at the San Psychiatric Hospital
in heshan
District the government uh uh of of uh
the area repeatedly as asked member
family members to sign an agreement that
she was mentally ill that they consented
to her being sent to hospital but the
family refused uh the the authorities
said if they signed the agreement she
would be released but they didn't
believe the authorities that they
believed it would just be an excuse to
detain her
indefinitely a sister of D managed to
visit her at the local Psychiatry
psychiatric hospital when she was
initially detained after that all visits
were refused
after the first visit the hospital told
the family members that a visit required
a certificate from the local police the
local tuang Town police station has
persistently refused request for a
certificate she remains detained in this
Psychiatric Hospital seven years
later so that that's a a a kind of clear
connection
between uh organ transplant abuse and uh
and opposition to psychiatric abuse and
does the fourth question is uh
opposition to political abuse of
Psychiatry lead to organ transplant
abuse well generally uh there is a uh
link between perceive opposition to the
government in organ transplant abuse
Fong uh is a spiritual belief and not a
political Doctrine nonetheless bangong
were and are victimized Sy atically
including being killed for their organs
because of their large numbers which
made the Communist Party fear for its
Supremacy as I've mentioned similarly
Wagers and other turkey populations have
been victimized in large numbers because
the Communist Party fears that the
wegers and others other turkey
populations have been and would be
insufficiently loyal to the
party now not every person uh perceived
as insufficiently loyal to the party is
going to be killed for the their organs
yet the risk is there of whether that
insufficient loyalty manifests itself
through opposition to organ transplant
abuse or any other
means the fifth question is uh is to
what extent should psychiatrists work to
end organ transplant
abuse and uh the uh there has been uh a
um an
agreement between the world Psych atric
Association and Chinese Society
psychiatrist not about organ transplant
abuse but about psychiatric abuse uh
that was there was a meeting in New York
in May 2004 during the American
Psychiatric association's annual meeting
where uh the world Psychiatric
association uh president at the time
Ahmed aasha and and the Chinese Society
of psychiatrist president at the time
Don Fango issued a joint statement
saying that the
World Psychiatric association
acknowledges that the Chinese Society of
psychiatrists has cooperated in a
three-year
investigation of alleged psychiatric
abuses of Fong gong members who were
sent to Chinese psychiatric hospitals
and
Clinics the
Chinese Society of psychiatrist
investigation identified instances in
which some Chinese psychiatrists failed
to distinguish between spiritual
cultural beliefs and delusions as a
result of which persons were
misdiagnosed and
mistreated the statement attributed
these acts to lack of training and
professional skills of some
psychiatrists rather than to systematic
abuse of
psychiatry in addition the Chinese
Society of psychiatrist agreed to take
step steps to educate his numbers about
the issues that led to misdiagnosis and
mistreatment and said it welcome as the
world psychiatrics assistance in
correcting the situation and improving
psychiatric diagnosis and
treatment to the People's Republic of
China the the comment uh of Herald East
at the time a skyrc was that it
represents real progress in preventing
further abuses of strategy in China will
lead to a higher quality of care now uh
what I would point out here is is that
the investigation to which uh these
statements refer were Chinese Society of
psychiatric investigations not World
Psychiatric
association uh investigations uh and the
U and there's a statement that progress
has been made uh and basically what uh
the world Psychiatric association was
doing is relying on what the Chinese
psych Society psychiatrist uh was saying
and and uh it doesn't deal specifically
I mean it doesn't deal at all with organ
transplant abuse but it's it's useful as
an indication of the problems that you
would get and and what the transplant
profession has got in dealing with
transplant abuse uh and let me
illustrate that by going on to the
uh the next U few
questions the the sixth question is to
what extent should transplant
professionals work to end political
abuse of
Psychiatry well my answer to that is
ideally should be solidarity uh after
all psychiatrist and trans professionals
are Specialists within an overall
medical profession the the medical
profession has umbrella organizations
where the two can work together the
world Medical Association member
organizations are National medical
associations transplant professionals
and psychiatrist can work together in
any of these National associations for
joint effort which they can bring and
turn to the world Medical Association so
that uh I would suggest should be done
and so then the question uh the seventh
question is what can those combating
organ transplant abuse learn from uh the
effort to combat political abuse of
psychiatry in uh I would say that 2004
agreement is not anything from which uh
the organ transplant uh those combating
organ transplant abuse can learn but
there's a prior effort of the world
Psychiatric association which I think is
instruct
in 1977 the world Psychiatric
association condemned the Soviet Union
by resolution for its abuse of
Psychiatry the Soviets withdrew from the
association in 1983 when it faced almost
certain
expulsion the world Psychiatric
association eventually agreed in 1989 to
readmit the Soviet Union provided four
conditions were met they were that the
Soviet Psychiatric association
acknowledged that systematic abuse of
Psychiatry for political purposes had
taken place
uh the now as you can tell the 2004
acknowledgement didn't acknowledge I
they acknowledged abuse but instead of
was mis diagnosis not political second
that they promised to discontinue to
abuse three they rehabilitate the
victims again the 2004 agreement said
nothing about Rehabilitation for they
democratized the psychiatric associ
which again the 2004 agreement said
nothing about that the conditions were
conditioned sub quent not conditions
precedent the Soviet Union was
readmitted pending fulfillment of
conditions with a monitoring committee
to set up to monitor fulfillment of the
conditions if the conditions were
fulfilled membership would become
unconditional if they were not membershi
would be suspended but in the meantime
the Soviet Union dissolved in December
1991 the the world congress's skry meets
every three years it's its next meeting
after establishing Soviet Union
conditional membership was scheduled for
1992 membership of the Soviet Union and
the world Psychiatric association
remained conditional until the
dissolution of Soviet Union since the
World Congress never had a meeting to
reconsider the issue of unconditional
Soviet
membership okay so
uh what can the last question is what
can those combating political abuse of
Psychiatry learn from the effort to com
that organ transplant abuse well I would
say there's something good lessons and
bad lessons um there have been some
notal developments within the transplant
profession standing up against
transplant abuse in China the
transplantation Society Ethics Committee
policy statement uh Chinese
transplantation program and mission
statement of November
2006 provided uh that uh and I quote
almost all organs from China are likely
have been obtained from executed
prisoners and that and I quote
presentation of studies involving
patient data or samples from recipients
of organs or tissues from executed
prisoners should not be
accepted the uh but that was 2006 more
recently the Canadian Society of uh
nefrology and organ trafficking issued a
a a policy statement in
September
2021 which provides and I quote patient
should be educated
regarding oh sorry this is um the
Canadian statement not the international
statement the international statement
the Canadian statement was 2011 the
Canadian statement was that patient
should be educated regarding the
unethical treatment of individuals who
sell their organs for money in
unregulated systems in the developing
World Physicians have a duty to advocate
for their patients uh but as members of
the medical community they also have a
duty to prevent harmed individual ual
patients should be educated about the
harms that may come to those who provide
organs through transplant tourism now
this statement is is interesting but of
course I mean there's transplant tourism
from many countries into China but
there's not to my knowledge psychiatric
tourism psychiatric patients from
countries into China so that sort of
policy although it shows the uh
awareness of the profession and the
willingness to combat it doesn't have an
immediate practical effect in terms of U
counseling patients not to go to China
for um psychiatric help because mostly
would be uh the the situation would
would not occur where that would be
relevant more more relevant uh is uh
what the transplantation Society did in
2014 they in 2014 refused to allow 35
Chinese participants for eth iCal
reasons to attend the world transplant
conference in San Francisco uh in July
that year for October
2014 there was a a transplant conference
in hango China with many invited
overseas transplant experts who who
generally pretty systematically failed
to attend and that had an impact on the
profession there was in in April 22 an
international Society for Heart and Lung
transplantation um statement which is
also useful uh they they wrote that
given the body of evidence that the
government of the People's Republic of
China stands alone in continuing to
systematically support the procurement
of organs or tissue from executed
prisoners submissions related to
transplantation and involving either
origin or tissue from Human donors and
the people Republic of China will will
not be accepted for presentation or
publication but uh unfortunately I mean
these are positive examples but they are
the exception rather than the rule and
indeed the the transplantation
profession today for the most part has
developed the way the psychiatric
profession uh did in 2004 not
investigating taking Chinese at their
word uh saying that there's change when
they only change is that they said
something that the that the outsiders
wanted to
hear uh the uh the the current position
of the transplantation society and much
of the transplantation profession
worldwide is encapsulated in an exchange
between the United States House of
Representative Chris Smith and former
transplant Society president Francis Del
mono in a June 2016 house Committee
subcommittee hearing where I was also
witness and so representative Smith
asked this question in 2016 how do you
independently verify Chinese government
claims that there's no transplant abuse
when there's been such a backdraw but
terrible publicity lies and deception on
the part of this government trust and
verify how do you do
that so Dr Dom mono answered I'm not an
apologist I'm not up here to tell you
not to worry I'm not here to verify
that's not my job I'm here to say to you
that there's a move within the country
to
change so the statement of Dr demonico
I'm not here to verify that's not my job
it's GL health professionals cannot be
expected to be experts in every field
relevant to their profession
yet even if that is so the ignorant
should defer to the knowledgeable the
amateurs should defer to The Experts
those who've done the research should
defer to those who have not done the
research should defer to those who
have the conoc clasm can come from any
direction yet there's always room
there's always room for disrupting the
consensus yet that disruption should be
familiar with the sources and be able to
question them the shrug of the shoulders
the pretend that all is well is not a
challenge to resarch
it is self- delusion willful
blindness the last of the 10 of the 10
stages of genocide is denial the Chinese
Communist Party denies the mass killing
of Innocence through organ extraction
which the evidence established
establishes that denial takes the form
of personal insults directed against
those who've done the research
fabricated statistics which are easily
contradicted or telling foreigners what
they want to hear no matter how divorced
from reality those words are
there are all too many health
professionals take the Chinese Communist
Party assertions of denial of reality is
real the problem here is not just
ignorant since no one can be expected to
know everything but active endorsement
of a cover up of genocide to quote Dr
Dom Monaco again his statement I'm here
to say to you that there's a move within
the country to change fails to take into
account what the change in reality is an
evolving cover up of organ transplant
abuse and one can say the same of
psychiatric abuse so I have a few
recommendations one is I I think
that the uh World psychiatric Cas
Association National Psychiatric
association individual psychiatrist
governments should asking uh should be
asking for the release of den guangying
from Psychiatric detention in
China the uh I would also recommend that
the world Psychiatric association
abandoned the 20 2004 agreement it has
not been respected and it was
mistaken in the first place I would
recommend that the this psychiatrist
Association in any and every country
join uh with a transplant Professionals
in bringing to the world Medical
Association concerns about both
psychiatric abuse and Transplant abuse
in uh China I I would urge that
psychiatric Publications have the same
sort of uh policy uh uh about
publications and meetings and congresses
and and presentations and conferences
that the international so Society for
Haron uh and lung transplantation has
which anything uh is emanating from
China where the sourcing is not
independently clear uh that that the
souring comes from evidence that is
untainted by abuse should be
denied and and a fifth point I would
mention is that within the United
Nations system uh the uh there's a
something the Human Rights Council
there's a something called the universal
periodic review where every country
comes up for review every few years
China is coming up for review again in
2024 in January and I would suggest
everyone should be asking their
governments in their statements at the
universal periodic review to raise the
issue of psychiatric abuse Pol uh
political abuse Psychiatry and organ
transplant abuse with prisoners of
conscience victims in their statement in
the Universal periodic review and and
I'll stop there thank you very
much thank you
David and now if anybody wants to make
questions it's a really difficult
topic if nobody does I will put some
question
uh well I I'd love to to ask a question
um thank you for your presentation it's
really painful to to listen to many of
the events that you do uh um articulate
um and and um I'm I'm thinking from the
perspective of what uh I've had to um
experience as a psychological
professional in in Venezuela and and
detailing some psychiatric abuse there
um that one of the challenges that you
mentioned is um uh um being able to
overcome the disbelief that these things
uh have have happened um uh it's it's
not only hard to challenge the the
professional um organizations to to look
into but also to challenge kind of the
the complete disbelief in other areas of
the world where it's it's hard to think
that these things uh are possible um I
just uh wanted to hear your comments on
on having to deal with something that is
found to be so so terrible that uh it's
met commonly with
disbelief well indeed that's that's a
common problem and I would say this is a
a common problem with all mass
atrocities um the uh I mean this was a
problem with the Holocaust uh while the
Holocaust was happening at the death
camps
there was uh people who were escaping
and telling other people what was
happening and Rudolph verba had escaped
from owitz and had a plan of owitz he
showed great detail everything was
happening and and he'd go and he'd tell
people this was happening some of them
believed him and fled some of them
didn't believe it stayed and then were
killed in the
Holocaust uh and uh the uh and it's
particularly difficult when you're
dealing with the medical abuse whether
Psychiatry organ transplant because the
these the psychiatric developments or
the transplant developments weren't
developed to kill people I mean it's
easier to believe that a more advanced
machine gun is going to kill people than
a more advanced organ transplant abuse
but the I mean the reality is technical
technology is morally neutral uh even if
the inventors intended in for good
purposes the mere fact of their intent
doesn't change the fact that the
technology itself has no moral content
it's only the people who use it who do
and if the people who use it want to use
it for their own purposes um uh for for
wrongdoing purposes it's certainly hard
the
uh I think one has to develop a an
awareness beyond your own boundaries or
beyond your own neighborhood but but
also I would say you can't wait for
somebody to come to you to kill you for
your organs or to throw you in uh in a
in a psychiatric Detention Center uh
because they think because of your abuse
that the only way you're going to escape
the abuse is to stop it while it happens
to somebody else the uh and and indeed
with organ transplant abuse that's what
happened I mean originally it was just
prisoner sentenced to death and then it
was after that in large numbers just
fellen gong and much more recently it
was weers if it had been stopped when it
was fellen gong the Wagers would never
have suffered and the uh human rights
violations spread unless they're sto
don't
stop the uh there's a theologian r r
neighbor who who said you know I didn't
protest when they were going after this
group uh because I wasn't one of them
and so on and then then uh they came to
me and there was nobody left to
protest and I I think that's the point
that has to be
made oh and here's a a written uh
question I I can't I mute what do you
think about the fact that let me get
that up in there can somebody maybe read
that out or it's there's a chat question
there um yes Artin is asking if
I well he's in the report what do you
think about the fact that as long as
quive measures are allowed in mental
health acts the abuse politically or
soci will there be
to could you repeat that question yeah
that he's asking as long as there are
coercive acts in mental health the
political and social abuse is going to
continue well sure uh I I mean uh we're
dealing with human nature and human uh I
mean technology develops but human
nature remains much the same the
capacity to do harm and the capacity to
to to good remain the same the issue is
not whether we're going to eradicate all
wrongdoing in the world the issue is the
extent uh the issue is whether it's
going to be greater or lesser and and uh
what we're involved in is is I would say
not not an uh an elimination of of all
possible abuse uh it's it's a matter of
minimization and we can do more than we
are doing uh and and I think we should
do everything possible to minimize abuse
with the realization that you know given
the fry of humanity we can't make a
perfect
world yeah this goes H in H with the
question that I had it's mental health
will support people to talk about the
traumas they are living or they have
because of live through other people in
their Network or if the system of mental
health is there to stop them from
talking that's just not allows for this
problem to stop that I guess it's the
that the sense that and here the
question do we have outside China the
network to support people that comes and
could talk about what is going on do the
professionals acknowledge that this is
happening and provide the support do not
deny what they are talking about Etc and
provide the environment to talk about
this safely over here not in China which
I guess it's completely out of the
question well I mean to a certain extent
that's a professional question uh within
the psychiatric framework which I'm not
really able to answer but uh I think
there is a another aspect of it which is
transnational repression I mean one of
the problems we Face uh which many
governments face democratic governments
face is that these repressive
governments are not just repressive at
home they make every effort to extend
repression abroad uh the uh and in in a
variety of different ways I mean
sometimes there's uh extr territorial
assassinations but even when it's less
than that there's threatening of
relatives back home there's uh
harassment and intimidation uh through
uh internet and email uh the uh I mean I
mean I myself I've been working on this
organ transplant a
file for since 2006 and uh I've had
meetings cancelled a lot of them at the
last minute uh usually for some
um some reason that has nothing to do
with China but the meetings that aren't
cancelled they tell me that the Chinese
government has asked asked for
cancellation or or some Chinese front
government front Association the uh
there's a through the internet I had a
death threat which thankfully didn't
materialize uh the uh there was a
driveby shooting of u a uh host to one
of my events which they attributed to
hosting my event and some bullet holes
in the window
and he uh and there's this constant
effort and uh I
think well people should feel free to
talk about uh their experiences once
they get out of China or out of these
repressive environments but in order to
do that I mean we not only have to we
have to go beyond more than providing a
welcoming environment for them to do so
we have to actively combat transnational
press repression which intimidates them
terrorizes them and and tries to shut
them
up so that's that was my answer to that
question thank
you uh well if you would like to say how
is the situation right now it's getting
worse as far as you you're aware in
shinjang well shinjang uh is
uh in a terrible situation because uh
there's uh genocide in in more than one
way uh
the there's a mass killing of
practitioners through the organs but
there's also a separation of children
from their parents which is uh another
form of genocide the there's an active
intent through this separation uh to
indoctrinate Children uh and
uh the and then of course there's
massive Force Labor uh and uh the many
of the goods uh that uh are exported
from China around the world if you look
go down the supply chain a lot of a lot
of it comes from shinin so
uh that's uh certainly an issue there
and and in terms of organ transplant
abuse uh in some ways it's
um the situation is is more is is a bit
different because as I mentioned with
Fong the the they were everywhere and
and the local hospitals were able to
Source organs locally whereas the weers
and the other Turk minorities are mainly
in shining and uh the uh and so
initially because of es schic time the
time that the organ remains alive
outside the body was relatively short it
was Impractical to move organs around
within China but through technological
development since 2006 scheming time has
been
um lengthened uh through better uh
Refrigeration techniques uh liquid
immersions of organs uh ECMO extra
corporeal membrane oxygenation machines
uh as result of which uh organs from
shining can be shipped throughout China
and uh one thing we can see which we
didn't see with Fong it's Airport Lanes
in shining uh which say uh reserved for
transplant of organs uh I mean we got
pictures of them in many languages uh
the of these Airport
Lanes and uh the also we got media
reports of U organs being ship uh from
uh uh shining around China I mean the
Chinese government or the transplant
provision profession is involved in a
kind of a a double game on the one hand
they're trying to
promote and boast about their transplant
profession is modern up to dat in order
to because they're selling organs they
want to promote sales uh the and on the
other hand they're trying to cover up
the abuse and and it's very difficult to
both publicize what they're what they're
doing and cover up what they're doing at
one and the same time uh which uh it it
it makes both kind of awkward uh but
what we see and what I I see is a
rolling cover up
so uh a lot of the statistics I used to
quote uh I mean we've archived them but
the statistical series STS after after
we quote them and I mean the government
will deny things they and their
spokespeople will deny things they've
said even though we have
them we've we've actually got them on
video recorded archived saying them uh
and frankly
um I would say uh that this world
Psychiatric association agreement 2004
is manifests All the Troubles we we see
with Outsiders dealing with China
letting not making their own
investigations taking them at their word
uh thinking there's progress simply
because people say the Chinese say what
the outsiders want to want to hear uh
and and that problem of course is is
it's it's real for all China but it's
it's particularly acute for China
because so much effort is being poured
into into China I mean felong is still I
mean the Fong problem hasn't gone away
and it never received the publicity that
weer did partly because weer Muslim and
Muslim is relative Islam is relatively
is is certainly better known than bang
gong's spiritual belief uh partly
because uh there's an ethnic
differentiation with the weers which
there isn't with pal are all just hand
Chinese uh pretty much although
subsequently uh since the repression it
spread around the world and there
there's practitioners in different
countries uh and I expect in in all the
countries in which members of the
audience come from the
U uh but uh the fact of this uh
geographic location uh this ethnic
identification this uh uh easily
identifiable religious identification
uh makes the uh weekly repression a lot
more visible than some of the other
repressions we see in China including
pong but they all they're all equally
Troublesome yeah indeed and what from
outside the profession of Psychiatry as
well like
Alman Fong may be a easier Target just
because it's a we Bel system
if you want to paint it like that which
is what they have achieved like de
humanized the world Collective correct
me if I'm mistaken
I well I mean there's a lot of yeah I
mean this is a problem the words
spelling gong don't mean anything in
other languages beside CH
Chinese the Chinese languages and so
people
don't when when the Chinese government
says Islam is this or Islam is this
people know better because they know
Islam but when the Chinese government
says Fang gong is this Fang gong is that
well people don't normally read through
the spiritual text of fell and gong and
all they see is this debate they see
somebody say x and somebody else say y
they don't what's true and so they just
figure it's
just they walk away from it because they
can't be bother sarting it out but uh
and and that to a certain extent makes
Fong more vulnerable I mean again with
the Tibetan Buddhists I mean they're
they're very heavily victimized also but
people know Buddhism they know Tibet
they know Tibetans as a distinct ethnic
group so so it's easier uh to to pick up
on and
the I think uh that simply because you
don't know you shouldn't be prepared to
say well maybe there's something on
either side I I mean when has to look at
the the Communist Party record which is
terrible uh I mean the persecution of
fall and gong and wiers are not the
first set of persecutions in the history
of the Communist party I mean it's it's
got a long terrible history and and and
it's basically a continuation of the
same people in charge with the same
operation for for working speaking
propagandizing and one has to take that
into account I mean
China I mean every
country has its own distinctiveness and
China is definitely very different from
the rest of the world uh and when has to
appreciate those differences to
understand what's going on in
China yeah and to contextualize with tan
and Men victims of the repression they
could still be lied as disident and
therefore be imprison unexecuted organs
harvested trafficked Etc within the law
despite they denying it at that time I
am right about that yet inong wave that
cannot be justified in the exterior
outside it's way too hard to to say
spiritual beliefs do not align with our
it's a growing community that can become
dangerous to
us this is the the
context yes partly the um when it came
to killing of prisoner sentenced to
death uh for their organs the the
Chinese said it was legal because a they
were going to be executed anyways and
and
be uh these people so they said all
donated their organs before they died to
atone for the crimes they committed that
was their official L which they
eventually abandoned I mean eventually
they said they were stop sourcing
ordinance for prisoners but when it came
to the killing uh and they also have a
1984 law which is never been repealed
which says that they are allowed to
Source organs from prisoners without the
consent or without the consent of their
families uh provided the bodies are
unclaimed the uh but they've also
changed the law saying uh without
repealing the Old Law saying there has
to be consent there can't be any payment
there not supposed to you're supposed to
give priority to locals over
foreigners uh they've never banned Fang
gong uh they've never admitted they've
been sourcing ordinance from Fang gong
they've never Justified it's legal uh
the but in China the the
party
controls uh the prosecution the
investigation the police the defense bar
the courts they even have judicial
committees uh which sit outside of Court
where the party runs the judicial
committees to decide the cases heard in
court I mean so the legal
system it isn't really a legal system
like we see in the rest of the world
it's it's just an organ of party rule uh
to provide one more facet of party Rule
and a lot of the law I mean some of the
laws are enforced but some aren't and
they certainly don't enforce the law
against the party because the party runs
the whole legal system so uh the uh the
organ I mean the psychiatric abuse
system the organ transplant abuse system
may be lead Al in Parts maybe illegal in
Parts but it doesn't really matter
because the part's running it and they
don't care what the law says because
they run
no thank you David really appreciated to
have you
here okay well thank you for inviting me
yeah thank
you Manuel I give you the the word now
the if you don't mind I skip the
presentation you go ahead and we
maximize the time that we have
here perfect yes